A couple finding a dead body in their own home.
Seeing someone jump in front of the train tracks in the subway.
A social worker arriving at a couple’s home to take away their children.
Finding a paper bag of money in the mailbox.
Getting arrested on the street - charged with murder.
At a restaurant witnessing the chef violently abusing the staff.
Getting arrested at work for embezzlement- definitely did it.
On vacation at a tropical island watching the sunset- a creepy stranger approaches, bleeding profusely.
Standing by with coworkers while the boss is arrested - he’s not guilty, but one of the employees is.
Helping friends search for their lost dog - discovering it’s been stolen by their neighbor.
While traveling for work, a CEO’s identity is stolen.
Awakening in a hospital with no memory and no recollection of the person claiming to be the spouse.
Discovering the ability to control others’ minds.
Peering into a neighbor’s house and spying a small body tied up.
Finding a baby on the doorstep - there’s a note with symbols on it.
Discovering the ability to hear people’s thoughts.
Having a chance encounter at a bar with a celebrity who is very different than they appeared.
Armed and at the bank while an unexpected robbery is going on.
Throwing a large party in honor of a friend who has just been kidnapped.
At a rock concert, the band is taken hostage.
While developing photographs, discovering photos of a crime.
Finding a tracking device in the car and mobile phone.
A tornado coming through and sweeping everything away - home, neighbors’ homes.
Discovering a new, evolving life form.
Discovering that the pets can all talk.
Winning the lottery as the market crashes and being bullied to return the funds.
Being surprised with a huge surprise birthday party and feeling heart pain.
A teacher informing a couple that their child is a prodigy and claiming they aren’t equipped to parent her.
A fortune- teller blackmailing a customer.
Discovering your house has been robbed - by a friend.
Purchasing a home that is clearly haunted and dangerous.
Finding out what heaven is like - not so perfect.
Discovering a pinhole camera - in the bedroom.
A down-on-their-luck musician being sure they have found an unpublished/unproduced song from their music icon.
Getting the results from a paternity test - you’re not related.
Upon waking, a talking spider appears on the pillow and promises three wishes.
Being proposed to and having to admit to already being married.
Waking up to realize today is the exact same one as yesterday - the worst day ever.
Discovering a pinhole camera - in the bedroom.
Checking the safe deposit box and finding nothing but a note: “Gotcha!”
Being saved from a deadly fall by a stranger.
Being asked to not leave the dressing room of a luxury store; on trying the door, finding it’s locked from the outside.
Receiving a call that a relative has passed away and left billions in an account accessible only after a series of bizarre challenges are solved.
Discovering certificates proving being given up for adoption at birth.
In a move, a family dog being accidentally left at a rest stop and finding its way to the family over thousands of miles.
Finding a secret room in your new house full of journals and artifacts from the last several centuries.
Finding out the person from a one- night stand six months ago is pregnant.
Learning that your best friend has committed a shocking crime.
Discovering the ability to self- heal.
While stranded on a deserted island for months, finally seeing a boat in the distance.
An ex returning and beginning systematically destroying the new life being built.
